dev-cpp/eigen noo3.conf
dev-lang/cargo noo3.conf
dev-lang/rust noo3.conf
dev-lang/rust-bin noo3.conf
dev-libs/boost noo3.conf
dev-python/numpy noo3.conf
dev-util/bacon noo3.conf
dev-util/bindgen noo3.conf
dev-util/cargo-c noo3.conf
dev-util/cmake noo3.conf
dev-util/sccache noo3.conf
dev-qt/qtbase noo3.conf
gui-libs/gtk noo3.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk noo3.conf
sci-libs/lapack noo3.conf
sci-libs/numpy noo3.conf
sci-libs/openblas noo3.conf
sci-libs/scipy noo3.conf
sys-devel/binutils noo3.conf
sys-devel/clang noo3.conf
sys-devel/gcc noo3.conf
sys-devel/llvm noo3.conf
sys-libs/compiler-rt noo3.conf
sys-libs/glibc noo3.conf
sys-libs/libcxx noo3.conf
sys-libs/libstdc++-v3 noo3.conf
www-client/librewolf noo3.conf
x11-libs/gtk+ noo3.conf
x11-libs/wxGTK noo3.conf
